Ah, my first day off in however long it's been.
Nothing to do but just relax.
All right, all right, I'm up.
And if I'm gonna be doing tech stuff anyway,
I might as well hang out with my peeps
from, you know, Floatplane, YouTube, BilliBilli.
Me.
And you were here.
Cable management time.
And more.
Now that this TV is unexpectedly
no longer a business expense,
I was thinking maybe we should mount it
to the center of the wall and not with drywall anchors.
So we're gonna pull it off and throw it back on
with a sheet of plywood, which will be great.
I mean, it was probably seismically safe.
Just like this segway to our sponsor.
Seasonic, their Focus Plus 750 watt power supply
is fully modular and features both
an 80 plus gold efficiency rating and a 10 year warranty.
Learn more and pick one up for yourself
at the link in the video description.
Realistically, you guys wanna get out of here
probably pretty soon.
So let's get this off, reposition,
and get you guys out of here.
Are we doing this thing?
Yeah.
Please don't hurt yourself again.
Can you not?
Where are we going with it though?
That's a good question.
I think that's probably our best bet.
I think my side's stuck.
Oh, hey-o.
Oh boy.
How are we doing?
How are we doing, buddies?
We're fine, don't worry.
Okay, it's coming down.
Man, that was much easier this time.
I wasn't here.
That's all that holds this thing up?
And the screw doesn't get tight enough
to keep it from rotating.
What?
Look at these toggle bolts.
It's not even wiggling.
You were worried that it wasn't gonna hold up.
I was more concerned about seismically stable
than whether it was actually gonna stay.
Did Elijah work on this?
What the heck?
No, I didn't.
This is terrible.
Like, we've got a glory hole here and everything.
It doesn't go anywhere.
There's no glory.
Oh yeah.
Oh my God.
I'm helping.
Elijah, could we have one of those blankets, please?
Yes, sir.
You were asking for it.
Yeah, this seems fine.
Seems fine.
Did you wanna patch and paint this before we do anything?
What do you mean?
This is patched.
Oh yeah.
Oh, it's so lovely.
Look how patched it is.
This is the first thing we need to deal with.
We've got our scary 240 volt
to standard North American adapter cable here,
but unfortunately, with the bulky ends,
it doesn't fit through a conduit to the TV,
which is why it's running through a hall.
I just need to remove, LTT,
the end of this cable store
with the twist and lock connector, .com,
with my trusty screwdriver.
Go ahead and remove that sponsor block.
Then I gotta transplant it onto this
after we've run it through the walls.
Elijah, you ready to climb through the walls?
Always am.
I love the enthusiasm,
but that's really not how you pull cable through a wall.
What?
Climbing through the wall?
Yeah.
Well, how do you do it then?
I know.
We're working with him.
If there's one thing I know about myself,
it's that I never know what I'm gonna do.
So I ran conduit between here in the mechanical room,
between here and a potential TV location up there,
between here and potential projector location up there,
and between here and that closet over there.
So we're gonna take this 240 volt power,
which I unexpectedly needed
because I bought a Chinese TV,
and we're not gonna put it there.
We're gonna put it here.
Boop-a-da-ba-ba-ba-ba!
You wanna help feed this to me?
The idea is that we're gonna carry this
all the way back to the mechanical room.
Now we gotta lube it up.
Why?
There's some 90s.
There's like three 90s here,
so it can be a little bit challenging,
especially because there's already some stuff in there.
I was kind of joking,
but I've never actually pulled cable through conduit.
As long as you have a pull wire, it's super simple.
If you don't, then it can be a little bit more complicated
kind of fishing a thing through,
but basically all we need to do
is take the end of this and a new pull wire
so that we will always have a pull wire there,
and tape them to the existing pull cord,
which, not gonna lie, a little confused right now.
I'm gonna go check the other end.
Okay.
Nope, moves freely from this end.
Weird.
New plan, Elijah.
Okay.
We're gonna take a cable that was already in there
that has an extra 30 feet on it, long story,
and we're gonna use that to pull the other wires.
Okay.
Then we pull it back.
It'll be great.
Do you wanna pull or do you wanna push?
I will push.
I feel like there's less responsibility.
Actually pushing is way harder
because you gotta manage all of this
without it getting tangled up.
Then I will pull.
Cool.
Okay.
Time for Luby McLuberson to do his work.
Elijah, were you, you know, gonna pull it?
I think, I think it's this cable coming out right here.
Elijah?
I don't know if I'm supposed to be pulling yet.
Oh, I'm stuck.
He's calling me.
Hey, buddy.
Hi, were you gonna pull on the cables at all or?
I am pulling.
Okay, yeah, you gotta pull with your arm strength.
It's like 20 feet above me, bro.
You got this.
Oh, wait, hold on.
I gotta lube it.
Just a sec.
Elijah, just, can you relax and just pull the cable?
I'm trying to pull the cable.
Okay, okay, hold on.
Let me pull it back a bit then.
Just pull evenly and slowly
like how you're pulling a cable.
Okay, not in a jerking motion.
I'm not doing it in a jerking motion.
Can I try?
Sure, please do.
Please do try.
Yeah, like I'm stuck at the same spot for a while.
She's going.
Hey, we made it.
You know what I think the problem was?
As soon as most of the inside was lubed,
it was smooth sailing.
It's just that these Corning cables
have a bit of a rubbery sheath on them
compared to a pull wire,
which is slicker and designed for this.
So I think it was getting quite jammed up in there.
All right, nice.
Okay, that's it, guys.
Please tell me it's gonna make it to the rack.
Yeah, Elijah, don't worry.
You wait for me.
I'll get this tape off.
Well, it's your house.
Yeah, by the way,
a big one for me when I'm pulling cables,
resist the temptation to put two different pieces
of tape on it.
Resist, because when you're unwrapping it,
you will be very unhappy.
Were you guys sure this was gonna reach to the rack?
Oh, I didn't realize we need to go all the way down there.
Oh yeah, she sits, she sits, but barely.
We're just gonna move the rack.
There, Jake was giving me a hard time
about not putting down the feet,
keeping it on wheels.
Ha, who's the idiot now, Jake?
Checkmate.
Boom, right there.
Awesome.
Should've measured that before we put it in the wall.
Okay, our plan is we're gonna do the outers
with normal screws and then the inners with the lags.
I mean, we can probably just use normal screws
for everything, right?
It’d be fine. It's your wall.
Yeah.
I mean, realistically,
it's gonna be better than what we had,
which was drywall anchors.
Good ones, togglers.
Just fine.
But drywall anchors.
If you want, stands right there
if you wanted to have a mark that's like right here.
It's not my house, so.
He laughs, but then that's actually what he's doing.
Okay, Elijah.
Oh, he really is me.
Yeah, you really Elijah'd that one up.
Elijah's not a verb.
It is now.
Whoa, jeez.
I'm done.
These are the doodads to keep it from whacking the wall
and we didn't put those on before
because we were told it was just temporary.
I wasn't entirely sure what they were for
and the manual was in Chinese.
Yeah, that's also true.
And I don't read that.
Really?
Yeah, unfortunately.
You look like you would read Chinese.
I can read a Chinese menu.
Were we going to run that HDMI cable as well?
Balls, yes.
Where's the pulling stuff?
Ah, theoretically, again,
the cable that I had running along the floor is long enough,
but I'm not a hundred percent sure.
Elijah's first cable pull.
It's so sweet.
Okay, what am I doing?
Am I just like pouring it on like sauce?
Sure, okay.
You show us how you would lube something.
Well, I have no experience.
You gotta move your diamond play button.
What a one percent issue to have.
The lube's not coming.
I'm trying to get the lube out.
Stop laughing.
I've never done this before, bro.
Just get lube on it and then I'll pull it.
You gotta keep putting lube on while you feed it.
Really, the whole time?
Yeah, the whole time.
Why?
So that it continuously has lube on it.
Yeah.
Do you need me to pull back or?
Nope.
Oh.
Yeah, I got it off.
Oh, okay, cool.
You got it?
I felt it.
Oh yeah, it's there.
You got it?
Okay, do you, is it there though?
I feel it, but it keeps disappearing.
I don't know where it's going.
Sorry.
Maybe it's going back up into the conduit?
Yeah, I think so.
That can happen sometimes on the toilet.
You just gotta make sure.
Stop.
But I don't think my fingers are long.
Do you have it though?
No, my fingers aren't long enough.
Well, okay, is it there or not?
Yes, it is there.
How about now?
You're a jerk.
I was like, I don't know where it's going.
Okay.
TV back on wall?
Ready?
One, two, three.
Wow.
How can you guys say this is not 400 pounds?
I'm pretty sure the box weight was right.
Oh guys, it's not centered.
I'm kidding.
I'm totally, I'm totally kidding.
100% kidding.
It's perfect.
I was ready to throw hands.
Let's get this HDMI boy over here.
You can pull it out more.
Maybe I just need some lube.
Oh, I have it upside down.
I am gonna have to clean this thing.
Yeah, actually, it's got a ton of fingerprints.
That's gonna be a bit of a chore.
It's gonna take a minute, you know.
First world problem, I'm sorry.
I need an hour to clean my TV.
With that off the honeydew list,
it's time to take care of something
that I should have done a long time ago.
What is this?
There's no charging cables for the headphones,
so they run out of battery half the time.
There's cables all over the place
and the risk of accidentally unplugging
something with your foot, very high.
So we've got iCron on one side.
We're gonna have all of the power bricks
for the monitors or the iCron itself all in the center.
And then on this side, we're gonna have our power bar
or whatever side is closest to the outlet
that makes it best.
I can't see through the cables there.
I'm in jail.
Are these metal?
Oh, perfect, they are.
Okay, so just for something simple like this,
I probably won't need that 3M backing.
I can kind of just get it all bunched up,
put it in our little comb here and stick.
Awesome.
Yeah, I just don't want it dangling
for someone to kick or something like that.
That's pretty good.
So Glenn was actually just asking me
what actually these little iCron silver docks are
that I'm plugging everything into.
In case you've missed it in a past video,
Linus explained that it passes all of the USB
from the computers that are in the server room
to a similar dock like this,
all just through the fiber cable here,
which is actually pretty sweet.
You can get all of your front IO, your rear IO,
and USB just coming right through this fiber cable,
which is kind of the only thing
that makes it a cool setup.
All the heat is over there.
Everything else is a mess and it's chaotic.
Man, I'm ready for this.
Got my cable ties in different lengths,
got my cable arches in different sizes.
Hmm, why is this wall plate just hanging out?
Step one is to fix these DisplayPort wall plates
that we set up ages ago with these extensions.
The shorter the run and therefore the less loss we have,
the better with these fiber optic cables
that are running through the walls.
And then we should decide on one orientation for these.
So let's go cut off up,
because we're tops when it comes to cutting corners.
That's how you can remember.
I rely on little memory tricks like that
when I'm doing a repetitive job.
Otherwise I have absolutely no chance.
Half of them will be one way
and half of them will be the other way.
Boy, if you wanna put that on the wall,
you gotta take the outer plate off first.
What?
Elijah told me to put the outer plate on.
He told you to put the outer plate on.
Well, how are you supposed to screw the inner plate on
if the outer plate is on?
Well, no, it goes through the inner plate.
No, it doesn't.
What?
No, there's two screws.
There's the long ones.
Those go in the inner plate.
And then there's the short ones
that go through the outer plate.
Are you joking right now?
No, I'm not.
That's what I did with that one.
Well, what? How'd you?
I told you. I was like, oh, it's not centered.
And you were like, oh, it's fine.
What?
What are you?
Don’t, no, don’t investigate now.
I didn't know.
What have you done over here?
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
You know, have you ever heard the expression,
she doesn't find you handsome,
but she better find you handy or something like that?
Yeah.
Which one are you?
Thanks, buddy.
I have none.
Oh, I see what you did.
So I did it right?
No.
Oh.
No, no, I see what you did.
I didn't say it's right.
You had three extra screws
and a misaligned thing.
Well, no, if you get it in
and extra screws are just bonus.
This is for all the zoomers out there.
There's four holes that matter, okay?
You got your inner ones, right?
Those go into here.
I'm starting to get it now.
I was so confused.
See, when you said it wasn't aligned properly,
they didn't cut out large enough drywall cutouts
for all of them.
So I thought that that's what you meant.
Cause I thought these holes were the ones going
into what you're screwing into.
But these are just to go onto the DisplayPort.
Now what I was kind of thinking
for all the random cables under the desk
was we could just take one of the Mondo extra large ones
and then just like hang everything from it.
And just as long as it's toward the back,
you won't really see it.
Yeah.
That sounds good to me.
Cool.
One of those things with cable management
is it always gets really ugly before it gets good.
So, but once it comes together,
it comes together really quick.
Well, it's not about the look under the desk.
It's about the look of under the desk.
Man, this looks so much better from when you don't do that.
Well, that's fine.
Yeah. Which is the goal, right?
Yeah. That's why there's sit-stand.
We can keep lowering it.
Keep going down until it looks good.
I know you got these as well.
Yeah.
Where did you want these?
These hold both your headset and controller, right?
Yeah. These are super cool.
I didn't realize when I bought them
from the pictures on the website
that these are just 3D printed.
I noticed that.
Yeah.
The point is they're cool.
They're 3M mounted.
I don't see, I mean, I'm sure we could put a screw in it
if they end up having a problem,
but I was kind of thinking like, oh, there,
but not there, I guess.
Like there.
Sure.
Right?
Then I'll do that.
I'll do this one.
Cool.
We'll see what can be done first.
It's a race.
I can't get the,
I can't get the three-
I got the backing off!
How close to the front are you?
Oh, I already, I already put it.
Interesting.
Okay so you're aligned with the front.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, that was not what I meant, but close enough.
Not gonna lie.
Kind of sick.
How's the cable go?
The cable?
Because you said you wanted to plug the cable in,
but the cable for the controllers is right
in the top middle.
Yeah so I was thinking about that just now.
I have an idea.
You're probably not going to like it.
Oh, that's definitely 3D printed.
Quality.
That's not that bad, right?
And then just have to kind of, you know, or something.
Oh, so you don't ever want them wireless.
Yeah, they'll just be wired all the time.
I think the idea was to have these hubs on top of the desk.
So I'm kind of feeling we scooch the desk pads
right aligned, but then with like,
maybe like a one centimeter gap or something like that.
And then these hubs can sit right there
and we can just a double-sided adhesive them.
I have a variety of options for mounting the hubs.
This is super cool stuff.
It's like a micro suction surface.
Oh, I've seen you use it before.
Yeah, if the bottom of them is smooth.
Yes.
This could actually work really well
because it's non-permanent,
but I also have a double-sided tape and not a word.
Command strips.
Oh my God.
You're not supposed to do that.
That's not how you use command strips.
Yes, sir.
Well, now that Linus is gone,
he's trusting me to drill the hole.
Ow, I just stepped on a cable.
I'm the responsible one.
I think I did somehow a way cleaner job than your dad did.
Mine looks fine.
His looks like someone chewed through it.
Before your dad gets back,
let's pick up all the garbage.
Cause I think we've gotten to the point
where like the cables are all organized.
That's just making more garbage.
I get what Linus has to deal with now.
It's like dealing with me.
Hey, nice.
Fantastic.
Works.
There are no cables running across the floor.
Fantastic.
Elijah's just finishing up Yvonne's machine
and the only one we didn't get to touch today is mine.
But which we did on purpose.
So we could show you guys the contrast
between the before and after so conveniently.
I'll do mine later.
What can't wait till later is telling you about our sponsor.
Dennis spends $1,200 on a graphics card
only to find out he's actually purchased a potato
from a sketchy site.
He's not dumb.
He just didn't use Jawa.
What's Jawa?
Jawa is a marketplace where you can buy and sell PC parts
at reasonable prices from reasonable gamers.
No potatoes allowed.
Listing your PC parts is easy breezy.
Just upload some photos, click a few buttons,
slap on the shipping label and get paid.
But say you want to sell your GPU like today.
Jawa can give you an instant quote
and buy it from you directly.
Hassle free and quicker than you can say bangers and mash.
And mash.
Plus Jawa also works with a curated group
of verified sellers to offer all kinds of PC parts.
Some of them will even research
and build a custom rig for you.
Now Dennis doesn't overpay for potatoes.
Be like Dennis.
Go check out Jawa at the link below.
If you guys enjoyed this video,
how about Alex D's upgrade?
Yeah, that was a good one.
Go check it out.